I was caught in the rain - Я попал под дождь.
to get on - ужиться ладить. How are you getting on?
when fall asleep - во время засыпания
bring on - навлекать (ненастья)
bring up - выростить, упоминать
blunt razor blade - тупое бритвенное лезвие
call on - to visin somebody, to ask someone an advise
call off - to cancel (a request)
cheer on - to support someone
come up - to think of an idea
come in - to enter into a door
come across - to meet each other
coarse soap - грубое мыло
cut off/in - to interrupt something,
fair hair - blond (having white colored hair and skin)
to run up - подбегать, нарываться
turn up/down - включить/выключить
to cut down on something - завязать с чем-то
to cheer up - развеселиться
to cheer on - to support
to come across - to meet of find by a chance
to cut off - to interrupt or to stop (the car cut me off and I almost crashed into it)
to cut it out - to stop (cut it out, I was watching that movie, so stop changing the channel)
to cut in - stop someone when they are speaking
to drop by/in - to stop by for a visit
to drop off - to leave something/someove in their destination
to fell apart - to break into pieces
to fall down - to drop to the ground
to fall asleep - заснуть (to get her to fall asleep)
to fill in - to give the details, to explain (to fill you in, to explain something to you)
to fill up on - to become completely full. the girl fill up on candy.
to find out/figure out - выяснить
to get around, to work around - to solve a problem by avoiding the main issue
to get along - to have a good relationship
to get up - to stand up or wake up
to get back to - to return to something
to get back at - to get revenge on someone
to get fed up - to became unhappy with something
to get well with somebody - to communicate with somebody well
to give up - to stop trying, surrender
to give away - to get things out for free
to go out on a date with someone
to go ahead - to go in front of someone, to give a permission to do or say
to grow up - to become older
to grow apart - we slowly grew apart (stop communicating with a friend)
to hang on to - he managed to hang on to his job (to keep a job and not to be fired)
to hang up on - to end a call on the phone. He hang up on me, how rude!
to hold on - to keep something tightly or to wait for a moment
to hold back - to stop yourself from saying something
to look up - to check the meaning of something
to look/watch out - to watch out for something, оглянись, на тебя летит мяч!
to pay back - to get back the money that you owe them.
to pay for - to give someone money for a particular purpose
to put out - to irritate someone. I would like to ask you to make me a dinner but I don't want to put you out.
to put on - to get your clothes or makeup on
to take off - to remove clothing, the plain took off when they began their jorney
to take out - he took her out for the most expensive restaurant in the city. To remove someone by killing him. 
to turn on/off - to switch a machine or light on or off
to turn around - to move so that you're facing the opposite direction
to be interested in - to feel that something is important for you
to be good at something - to know something very good
to turn up - something that has been lost is found unexpectedly.
to warm up to - to start liking someone
to be scared of somebody - испугаться кого-то
to think with a vague distaste - думать со смутным отвращением
I am getting hungry - я проголодался
to squeeze out - выжать
to work out - to exercise
it is no use trying - бесполезно пытаться
during daylight hours - в дневное время
it is so contrived - быть настолько надуманным
a fruity voice - сладкий голос
skimmed down between the roofs - скользить межлу крышами
so long as - до тех пор, пока
to spring up - возникать, появлаться (ростки из земли)
dart away - шмыгнуть прочь
